							EXERCISE


1. Write a script to reverse a given sentence without reversing words.
     
2. Write a script to print the no. of palindrome words in a given sentence.

3. Write a script to count letters in a given string(using dict).

4. Write a script to count words in a given sentence (using dict).

----------------------------------------
1. write a program to print the length of a string (without using len() function) using for loop.

2. Write a program to reverse a given string.

3. Write a program to print the no. of occurences of a given character in a given string(with and without count).

4. Write a program to check for at least two vowels in a given string. 
----------------------------------------------
1. Write a script to to perform division as per the following.

	a. Get two numbers for divident and divisor values. 
	b. Define a function div_f with one required parameter namely divident and one default param(with value 2)namely divisor.
	c. The function should return Quotient and remainder.
	d. call the function and store the return value in a suitable variable
	e. print the variable where the retun value is stored.



2. Write a script to to perform division as per the following.

	a. Get two numbers for divident and divisor values.
	b. Define a function div_f with two keyword parameters- namely divident and divisor 
	c. The function should return Quotient and remainder.
	d. call the function and store the return value in a suitable variable
	e. print the variable where the retun value is stored.

3. Write a menu based program that finds the value of a control variable 'con' based on the following equation
		
		con = a + 10bc - 5d / e.  

		The variables a,b,c,d and e are stored in a separate file (module).
		The values of these varables may be modified in the module file while the program is running.
		The main program should terminate upon receiving 0 as input.
		
	options are,
			
			1. Initialize
			2. Show 
			3. Reload
			0. Exit

		If option is 1, the module should be imported.
		If 2, the value of control variable should be displayed.
		If 3, the module should be reloaded.
